This sample code describes few simple games which can be made using C program. Though this project is  lengthy , it depicts the basic concepts of C language.  A typical game buzz consists of three games  : Flames, Magic and Quiz buzz. 
The main page consists of four options three for the given games and one for exitting out of the game .On choosing any of the first three options,  the games are opened .On choosing the first option,game of Flames opens .Here a program runs in such a way that it counts all the similar letters of first given name and to the second name of this game Flames. It is then  compared and each and every letter of Flames will be cancelled according to the given names. The final letter describes the final answer. Here switch-case statements are used for each and every letter of flames. 
On choosing option two, a new page of game MAGIC opens.Here goto statements are used to transfer the control to the required line. Here certain numbers are chosen and randomly arranged according to a certain logic. The number chosen by the user is checked by the compiler for almost six times . 
On choosing option three, Quiz buzz opens. It is a simplest game being  executed and uses basic printf and scanf statements for execution.The correct answer is being compared with the  user’s answer by using stringcompare function strcmp. Finally the marks are allotted for a total of hundred(100) by multiplying Each correct answer with ten(10). 
Finally on choosing option four, The program comes out of the loop and exits.......
